In the last section we use a little bit of a trick to make the card component into something really
reusable first inside of our album detail component.
So here is our album detail.
We passed the text tag as a component to the card component that we wrote.
So we passed it inside of the card tag.
Next inside of the card component we took our props object and then we added in reference to prop stock.
Children inside of our GSX because we added our children are component that we had inside of Oulton
detail automatically showed what we passed to the card detail a component.
So I don't use the word component I'm just throwing around like candy over here but I hope you get the
idea.
Basically if we pass one component to another it will show up in the parent as props not children.
So we just have to provide a reference to Propst children somewhere and Boomer good to go also a little
bit more importantly we definitely got our card company up on the screen.
So that is fantastic.
We're going to move ahead now onto our next component which will be the card item component.
So the whole job of this thing is to make sure that we have some distinct sections within the card that
make it you know just look a little bit better than what we've got right now.
Certainly if we had just text inside of this card item I would at least expect it to be better formatted
than what we've got right here.
So that's the purpose of the card item.
Again you know I had mentioned a couple of seconds ago that we might rename this thing the card section.
I don't I don't know what it is but I just feel like I'd be a little bit happier if I called this the
card section.
There's absolutely no reason to go one way or the other.
This is solely personal preference.
So let's create this new card section component inside of our components directory or make a new file
called card section.
Yes.
I mean inside if you're We will throw in our boilerplate.
So import re-act from re-act import our view tag from re-act native and then we need to create our component.
And again we have to ask ourselves as is our standard strategy right now.
Should this be a class based or a functional component.
So just like the card this is solely something that is going to show some you know basically a presentational
component just showing some information to the user.
It doesn't need to have any lifecycle events or any data fetching anything like that doesn't need access
to state.
So I think we're good to go with making this a functional component so we'll make our cards section
component by default it will return a view tag and at the bottom ladder export statement.
So there is our export statement at the bottom.
Cool.
So again this is just like our card component.
It is primarily going to be used for some styling.
So again we'll start off with adding some styling say Konst container style excuse me style.
So here's our style object in the lab a container style to it.
And again inside of here we'll pass in some styling definitely fewer fewer rules this time around.
So not quite as much typing but definitely still a few.
First off we'll put on our border bottom with one.
So if you call back inside of our car component we specifically said I want a border bottom with zero.
You know we like turn the thing off.
And the reason for that was that our current component is going to have a lot of these card sections.
So if we had a card section inside here and we had both a border bottom on the card section and the
card we would be doubling up on the borders on the bottom but still we do have to have a border bottom
on every card section to handle the case in which we've got you know maybe a single card section up
here.
This thing definitely still needs to have a border on the bottom of it.
So this whole border bottom thing is just to reconcile the issue between either a card or a card section
and having the border on the bottom.
Next we'll give it a padding of five.
This is just going to provide a little bit of spacing between whatever's inside the card section and
the border around it.
Next a background color and we're going to be very specific about the color that we want to so.
And then we will add in some justified content rules or I should say fluxbox rules.
So I don't want to talk too much exactly about the purpose of these particular to flex box rules that
we're using right now.
We are going to come back a little bit later and talk about exactly why we're specifically specifying
like star and also in a line or sees me a flex direction of road.
So again we will come back and discuss why we are adding on this flex direction property here and we'll
do a border color of DDD.
And I'm also going to give it a position of relative.
And again I'm sorry one more property where we're just going to have to throw it on here and we're going
to come back and talk why riding on relative later on.
OK.
So that's it for our styling this time round.
Again I encourage you to maybe pause the video really quick and just double check your spelling and
all these property names.
After that we will add that style object to our view tag.
So we'll say style should come from Styles dot container style.
And you'll notice each slant has very helpfully let me know that I made a little bit of a typo.
I really want this object in the bottom to be Stiles not just style.
So I rename it to styles and we should be good to go.
Good.
All right.
So just like the last component we made just like the card component.
We also want this card section to contain some child components that we decide what they are on the
fly right.
For the header.
I want to be an image and some text inside of the center section.
I want to have an image.
And at the bottom I want ampacity a button of sorts.
So again we need to use that props dot children reference inside of this component so the cardstock
section component will add on a reference to the props argument.
And then inside of the view tag we will place props.
Children.
Awesome.
OK.
So let's give this thing a shot to make use of the card section.
We will go over to all of them detail.
So the thought process here is that inside of album detail we've got our card elements and we're going
to give it a couple of different parts sections as well so we can add in immediately a card section
to How's the text that we've got right here.
So we will import a card section from card section and then we will wrap our existing text tag with
the card section component so card section is going to wrap our text tag
like so.
And I think there were definitely had a good place to do a little test for our simulator so let's look
over the simulator.
All refresh it.
And all right.
This is definitely a little bit of an improvement here.
We have some definite padding around each element.
And you can see that now we've got a little bit more distinct bottom border on the section as well.
If we wanted to just for fun I might copy and paste this card section to duplicate it.
It's all just duplicate this thing.
And let's see how it looks when we have multiple card sections.
All right.
So now you see the purpose of the card section.
The purpose of the card section is just to make sure that we've got a nice little compact area within
the card where we can add some content and be happy about it.
So it's definitely starting to look good.
We do not want to have the doubled up card section of course I'm just going to delete that but definitely
our app is definitely Or it's really started come together on the styling side.
So let's continue the next section and add a little bit more detail inside of our album detail a component